---
title: Blog 6
layout: post
category: Blog
toc_level: 1
date: 2020-3-13
---

Halfway through the semester. For this week's blog we had finished the project 0 and every one seems to be pulling their weight. We are communicating better this week as well and everyone  has given their opinion on how we should do certain tasks for this project. Which I think is really good since before it was hard to even get  anyone to talk to each other. We as a group are going to meet today to put together the slides, and discuss the different issues that we ran into when doing these tasks for the project. That way we can document correctly on what the issue was and how we  solved so next time we run into this problem we can solve it quickly. I'm a little nervous about how we are going to do with the terraform because we have never used it before. I think we as a group will have to do a little task piece by piece. That way when we go to put the project together we will know that the whole project once we have done the small steps. I have a good feeling that we will do better communicating , assigning work and working together as a team for this next project. Setting up the ssh key for this project was fun but diffcult at  onepoint. We where having trouble  get the the public keys to reconigiz e our private keys when we tried to sssh. We later figure out that we need to make the an ppk private key instead of using the pem key that was given from AWS. In the end we were able to login in to the ec2 instance using our priavte key that  we gerneated.
