---
title: Blog 12
layout: post
category: Blog
toc_level: 1
date: 2020-05-01
---
This week blog wwe are gooing to create a Spot Instance using a  lambda function which is controlled by a cloud watch event.
 The puprpose for creating the spot instance is to replace the the current spot instance  because its bid time is coming to an end. So we need to take the current spot instance ami and place it on the new spot instance that will be created.
 We will also need to create a policy that will allow the lambda function to run and create these object because without the correct permission it will not allow to be ran. This happen to me so you have create a specific iam ploicy. So my policy gave full access ot the lambda function to create  and destory, in case we need to correct the function.
 
 So the code we will be basing the lambda function on  is:
 
import boto3
import json
import logging
import base64
import os

def request_spot_instance(access_key, secret_key):
    ec2_client = boto3.client('ec2',
    aws_access_key_id = access_key,
    aws_secret_access_key = secret_key,
    region_name = 'us-west-2'
)
response = ec2_client.request_spot_instances(
    SpotPrice = '0.10',
    Type = 'one-time',
    LaunchSpecification = {
        'ImageId': 'ami-04a79711fddf1841c',
        'KeyName': 'vs',
        'InstanceType':'c4.large',
        'Placement': {
            'AvailabilityZone': 'us-west-2a',
        },
        'SecurityGroups': ['default'],
    }
)
return response


def lambda_handler(event, context):
    response = request_spot_instance(os.environ.get('AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID'), os.environ.get('AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY'))
    print(response)
    return event, context

if __name__ == "__main__":
    lambda_handler("","")


So the code that request the spot instance is this right here:  client.request_spot_instances witht hfolowoing code that gives more specifics. But this allow us to create the Spot Instnace. There is other content that describes the  spot price, image ID,  security group , and even the availability zone. The issue that I ran into was hvaing the def lambda_hnadler that needs to be defined which needs to have context. After it had been denfied then the function started to work. The  next step is to create a cloud watch event which would trigger the lambda function.

