---
title: Blog 9
layout: post
category: Blog
toc_level: 1
date: 2020-04-10
---
This week blog we are going to create an AWS Web Server EC2 intances using Terraform.

First you are going to need to  install terrafrom  which can be found here : https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html

Second you are going to need to intasll AWS  CLI which can be found here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html 

Atter both of these CLI have been installed on your local machine , you are going to create a Root IAM user to use for the AWS CLI configuration file. This file will be set to the deafult profile.  
 The comammnd would be :
 
 $ aws configure 
 
 Then the it will ask for the follwing : 
 
AWS Access Key ID [None]: accesskey
AWS Secret Access Key [None]: secretkey
Default region name [None]: us-west-2
Default output format [None]:

 All the information can filled above from the inforamtion given to you when the IAM user was created.
 
Now we will be able to create our terraform file. You will be creating the terraform file  the same directory where you had intsalled your terraform . Then you can create a basic file but have the name og the file be XXXXXX.tf  . As long as the name of the file ends in .tf then terraform will be able to to recognize.Now that we have created the file terrafrom file  we will add some content to it and to add content you can use notepad or any other editor to do this. The add the following code:

provider "aws" {
  profile = "default" 
  region     = "us-west-2"
}

resource "aws_instance" "Web Sever" {
  ami = "ami-06d51e91cea0dac8d"
  instance_type = "t2.micro"
  associate_public_ip_address = true
}
 tags = {
   Name = "WEB SERVER"
   }

Once you are done you are going to save the file and then run the follwing commands:

$Terraform init

$Terraform plan

$Terraform apply

 So what we have don here is create an EC2 instance but gave the ablilty to have a public ip . When we login in to the AWS account we will be able to see an EC2 intances with the name WEB SERVER. And if look in the details of the EC2 instance you will be able to find the public ip address and if you put that ip address in the url we will be able to see what contnet its displays. But since we have not ssh in to the server and  install a LAMP stack there will be nothing to display.
