---
title: Blog 11
layout: post
category: Blog
toc_level: 1
date: 2020-04-23
---

This week blog we have deicide to go with the first project. This first porject will allow us to  run spot ec2 instances on the cheap end. 
The resaon why spot instances is so cheap is because that its not being used and the omcpany can bid or rent the servers out for  cheap price. So our project will have a cloud watch event trigger our Lambda function to spin up a new spot ec2 intnaces that  which will replace the old spot instances. 
The could watch event  will  send a 2 min message saying that your spot ec2 instance has been out bided and either your can pay the new price or save your data  and make a new spot ec2 instance. 
So the code that I am working right now , will watch the  specific  spot ec2  instance id number. To create the cloud watch event you will need to go to the cloud watch page and select rules on the side navigation page.  You can copy this code into Event Pattern Preview

{
  "version": "0",
  "id": "THE_ID_OF_EC2",  
  "detail-type": "EC2 Spot Instance Interruption Warning",
  "source": "aws.ec2",
  "account": "#_OF_YOUR_ACCOUNT",
  "region": "THE_REGION_OF_THE_EC2",
  "resources": [
    "THE_ARN_THAT_IS_CONNECTED_TO_THA_EC2"
  ],
  "detail": {
    "instance-id": "THE_ID_OF_EC2",
    "instance-action": "terminate"
  }
}

 Mind  the {} at beging and the end.
So what this pioece od code does is take the ID of the spot ec2 instance and wait for ht 2 minute warning. It will also take into account the  Account number you are using and the region of which your spotec2 instance is in. The reosuces is  the speicfic arn  sequence  that is represted that speicfic spot ec2 instance. Then at the very end we show that the  spost ec2 instance that was the old one will be  terminated.This will then trigger our Lambda function which will create a new spot ec2 intance in the old one place.
