---
title: Blog 10
layout: post
category: Blog
toc_level: 1
date: 2020-04-15
---
For this weeks blog we are going to learn  how to create  database throught AWS while terrafrom. AWS named their database somehting different  which is called an S3 bucket. The S3 bucket can only be accessed by the same account that which it it was created with. These bucket can hold data and have our uses susch hodling the state filewhich we will you in just a few. These state files will allow you to show any inforamtion about your current settup. So first we will need setup you  AWS CLI  and Terrafrom to make sure they installed correctly. Once AWS CLI has been installed make sure to set up your default profile with the access key and secertaccess key. After tha t we will be able to start with our Terrrafrom code.
 
 resource "aws_s3_bucket" "project" {
 bucket = "your project name here"
 
 versioning {
  enabled = true
  }
  
 lifecycle {
  prevent_destroy = true # This prevents from being destroyed by terraform destroy command
  }
 }
 
 resource "aws_dynamodb_table" "dynamodb-tf-state-lock" {
   name            = "state-lock" # This code right will allow for the state locking of the file s
   hash_key        = "LockID"
   read_capacity   = 20
   write_capacity = 20
  attribute {
   name = "LockID"
   type = "S"
   }
  tags = { 
   Name = "DynamoDB tf state locking"
   }
 }
 This code above will creat the S 3 bucket with the name you have given. This specific code will also create a dynamodb table which allow  user to modify the terraform file one  save at altime. This will lock the file so that the other user can not terrfrom apply the files that they may be workin jointly. This peice of code is for the file that you work on with other.
  
 terraform{
   backend  "s3" {
   region         = "your region" # Incert region here
   bucket         = "your project name here"# Incert name of project here
   key            = "project/terraform.tfstate"
   dynamodb_table = "state-lock" # This peice  will lock the files that  are in the same folder
   }
  
  This code above will be palced at the top of one terraform file that is in you folder that you are currently working on. Some of the problems that you run into it when runnin terraform apply it may try to create the bucket more than once. To fix this you have to make sure to run terraform init then terrafrom apply. Be  careful  to not detroy the s3 buckt with terraform destroy.
 
